IndexTank-clj
==========

[Indextank](https://indextank.com/) API Library for Clojure.

How to use it
----------

First thing first, define your private URL, you can find it in your
dashboard

    (def privurl "http://:r4and0m5tr1ng@asd.api.indextank.com")
    

**INDEX MANAGEMENT**
   
Now you can manage your indexes

    (with-client privurl
        (indexes)                    ;; List all the indexes of the account
        (index-meta "myindex")       ;; Retrieves metadata of index "myindex"
        (create-index "blog")        ;; Create a new index
        (delete-index "myindex"))    ;; Remove the index "myindex"
	
	
**INDEXING**

You can add, update or delete documents from the index

    (def first-post {:docid "p1" 
                     :fields {:title "Hello, World"
                              :text "my first post"}})
    (def second-post {:docid "p2"
                      :fields {:title "Second post"
                               :text "Remember to subscribe"}})
    (def third-post {:docid "p3"
                     :fields {:title "Third"
                              :text "I'm bored of this blog"}})
    (def two-posts [second-post third-post])
    
    (with-client privurl
        (add-document "blog" first-post) ;; Add one document
        (add-document "blog" two-posts)  ;; Add more documents at once
        (delete-document "blog" "p1"))   ;; Delete the doc with :docid "p1"

**SCORING VARIABLES**

You can add a *scoring variable* to your documents, document variables
provide additional useful information to create more subtle and
effective scoring functions.

    (with-client privurl
        (score "blog" "p2" {"0" 100, "1" 2, "2" 3.5})) ;; 0 => likes
                                                       ;; 1 => Dislikes
                                                       ;; 2 => Average rating

**CATEGORIES**

You can add *categories* to your documents, that is like metadata
associated with a document

    (with-client privurl
        (categorize "blog" "p2" {"author" "G. Verga"}))
	

**SCORING FUNCTIONS**

*Scoring functions* can be used when searching the index to provide
 specific orderings for the results. You can read more about this
 functions on the
 [official documentation](http://indextank.com/documentation/function-definition).

    (def new-function "-age * relevance")       ;; Define a new function
    
    (with-client privurl
        (functions "blog")                      ;; List the functions of the index
        (define-function "blog" 1 new-function) ;; Add the function to
                                                ;; the index
        (delete-function "blog" 0))             ;; Remove the default
                                                ;; scoring function

**SEARCHING**

You can search your documents in the index. To learn more about the
search refer to the
[documentation](http://indextank.com/documentation/api#searching).

    (def opts {:start 0 :len 20 :function 1})   ;; Define some search options
                                                ;; Start => for paginatin, first position to return
                                                ;; Len   => how many results
                                                ;; Function => the scoring function to sort results
    
    (with-client privurl
        (search "blog" "text:subscribe")        ;; Search for 'subscribe in te text
        (search "blog" "text:subsribe" opts))   ;; Search with different options
	
	

**PROMOTING RESULTS**

You can promote a document to the top of a query's result page.

    (with-client privurl
        (promote "blog" "p2" "subscribe"))       ;; When I will search for 'subscribe' 'p2' will be the first result
	

Known Issues
----------


* IndexTank-clj doesn't support all the searching options at the moment.

License
----------

Copyright © 2011 Francesco Ceccon

Distributed under the [Eclipse Public License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0), the same as Clojure. Please read the LICENSE file.



